the Marvel Legends Captain America
Winter Soldier mandroid build a figure
series Winter Soldier figures part of
the second wave of the Captain America
Winter Soldier Marvel legend series of
figures in here is I got two of them
because I wanted to display the figure
in using both heads we'll get to that in
a little while the figure comes with the
left leg of the mandroid and he does not
come with any any of these accessories
the knife is from another figure the
this one is from shield agents this is
from another character he doesn't come
with any real guns he come he comes with
this Hydra soldier futuristic futuristic
rifle which he did not have I don't
think he used in the movie he used like
real guns futuristic looking real guns
in some way or another and I was like
well are the guns so anyway he also
comes packed with two interchangeable
heads this is the Bucky Bucky Barnes
head but he's got that black eye is
going on it's like he's preparing to
wear a Batman mask I don't know I think
it's he was very shady in the movie in
the beginning so that I thought maybe
that's the shadow or when he was being
electrocuted or torture or something
like that maybe that's the way he looked
but I'm not really a big fan of that
that eyeliner or eye shadow type of
makeup they put on him I wish they would
have kept it playing would have been
alright the other head he comes with is
the masked version I thought this was
pretty cool my only gripe about this
head is I wish they were the goggles
were removable didn't give him any
weapons anyway so they should have given
him some extra accessories with
removable goggles that would have been
real
with a clear eyes and unshaded eyes that
would have been really nice but yeah the
head sculpt shows a lot of detail both
head sculpt so very nice let's talk
about the sculpt or the figure I thought
it was pretty good
pretty decent I think they did a good
job on this one down to the details the
basic sculpt the silhouette looks pretty
good does represent the Winter Soldier
in the movie and it's very accurate in
my opinion he just didn't have any guns
and his knives are like molded the end
come on as bro
Tina Epps pretty cool on there's hardly
any issues I have with him the only
issues I have are with the Bucky Barnes
head make sure you get a copy of the
figure that does not have door P eyes
there are some eyes you look shocked
eyes this one looks decent enough it
looks serious you know so that's what
you have to look out for it it's the
eyes now the pupils are paying in on
that everything else is great
okay so wonderful sculpt and great pain
ABS articulation it's got a boots it's
really loose because it allows you to
easily replace the heads and to change
them so he's got a bulging head ball
joint on a hinge damn it sorry I'm just
trying to make him look up he can't
because of his hair can look down sorry
he's got a ab crunch or ratcheting he
upper torso hinge waist swivel which
also sort of ratchet I forgot to mention
the the pistol belts which you can
probably remove if you wanted to yeah
I'm not gonna do it he's got a ball
hinge shoulder which ratchets bicep
swivel double jointed elbows swivel rib
all interest I think yes there is some
hinge there's a swivel and the hinge
ball hinge hips thighs oval very tight
double jointed knees walking jangles
with the
joints ah for the articulation the only
gripe I have is I wish they would have
given him a calf swole much like they
did with cap it would allow for better
poses and better stances in my opinion I
mean trying to do because of the way
it's been spotted the head then it's
been sculpted it's very hard for him to
look up so you can do that scene when
he's even pushed off the car and then
he's sliding it's like sliding like that
very difficult but all you know it's a
great sculpt articulation good enough I
mean despite the lack of the calf so
well it's still a pretty pretty decent
so just for some size comparison here is
with the comic series Bucky Winter
Soldier yeah pretty good it stands about
the same he's a little bit taller
thinking you see yeah even in the Crouch
position he's a little bit taller than
the comic book series let's head to toe
just three four millimeters taller I
love the detail on this one did they
recycle the arm no yeah this one's a
brand new sculpt so thank you Hasbro for
not scrimping on the fans with that so
very very very pleased with this figure
again my main concern is it did not have
any gun so he's gonna get a decent 9 out
of 10 just for that as a figure overall
so pretty pretty good very very pleased
so there you go folks
I hope you've enjoyed this video review
if you did please click the thumbs up
icon at the bottom follow me on Twitter
for my toy purchase this Instagram for
my toy sightings here in Manila check
out all my video reviews on this channel
chef tron before I go I just wanted to
give a big tip I don't know if you
happen to see one for my figure the
bicep joints were sort of painted shut
it was very difficult to move in about
this one I was easily able to snap very
very gently pushed it in stuck that peg
in and then sort of twisted it
this one with the leather arm it was a
lot more difficult I was on the verge of
already breaking the peg I just had to
stick it in and stick it out again just
just try and push it in and out till it
loosens up then once it's fairly loose
you can slowly twist it by pushing it in
and then twist pulling it out you can't
twist it anymore and then push it in and
twist it again and that's how I charted
apart didn't have to do any of that
freezer
hot water thingy whatever that's just my
thing so there you go the Marvel Legends
Captain America Winter Soldier mandroid
build a figure Bucky Barnes the Winter
Soldier
thanks for watching